Document automatic vector normalization with Faiss cosinesimil (#11713)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _mappings/supported-field-types/knn-spaces.md

The `hamming` space type is supported for binary vectors in OpenSearch version 2.16 and later. For more information, see [Binary k-NN vectors]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/mappings/supported-field-types/knn-memory-optimized#binary-vectors).
{: .note}

> When using `cosinesimil` with the Faiss engine, vectors are automatically normalized to unit length during indexing because Faiss uses inner product on normalized vectors internally. If your vectors are already normalized, consider using `innerproduct` instead for equivalent results with explicit control over normalization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using `cosinesimil` with the Faiss engine, vectors are automatically normalized to unit length during indexing because Faiss uses inner product on normalized vectors internally. If your vectors are already normalized, consider using `innerproduct` instead of `cosinesimil` to obtain equivalent results with explicit control over normalization.
```
